GeneratorLCG.cpp
>The following program contains the LCG generator. The first line should contain four numbers m, a, c and X0. In the next lines, the program displays successive pseudo-random numbers generated by the LCG generator set by coefficients until the cycle is closed. The contents of the meter should be written out so that the user can check whether the LCG generator had a maximum cycle equal to m - with incorrectly selected m coefficients a and c the generator cycle can close faster than after generating m pseudo-random numbers.

lcgGeneratorFactors.cpp
>Simple program calculating the coefficients of the additive LCG generator based on the maximum pseudo-random number X max, which should be given at the input in the first line. In the next lines, the program prints the calculated coefficients m, a and c. The program uses a built-in pseudo-random number generator.

lcgGeneratorTest.cpp
> This program checks, in turn, whether the LCG generator with given coefficients m, a and c generates m numbers in the range from 0 to m - 1. At the input, the program asks for subsequent coefficients, then checks the generator and prints the number of generated values and the word OK if this the number is equal to m. The program ends after specifying 0. for m. The program uses a dynamic table.

pseudo-randomNumbersAtXY.cpp
>The program reads from the first line three numbers x, y and n. The numbers x and y specify the integer in which pseudo-random numbers are to be generated. The number n defines how many pseudo-random numbers should be generated. As the LCG generator, we use the generator proposed by prof. Donald Knuth with the following parameters:
>LCG (34359738368, 3141592653, 2718281829, Xo)
>To perform multiplication and addition, we use the procedures for multiplying and adding modulo. Thanks to them, bills will not exceed the range of 64-bit numbers.
